hello what's up guys for today's video
I'm going to talk to you about things
teachers do that annoy me now all the
way from school there was always some
teachers that I absolutely hate it and
to be quite honest that's the only
reason I'd get in trouble with that
teacher if I didn't like them then so I
may be going through some of the things
that teachers did when I was at school
at really annoyed me the first one that
I cannot stand with teachers is when
they do not admit that they're wrong
good morning class today we're going to
be going through times tables let's
start with some of the basic ones 7
times 7 equals 45 yes Jake what is it
now you got it wrong seven times seven
doesn't make 45 7 times 7 equals 49 stop
answering back young boy a monster back
get out with my classroom now you've got
attention young boy no you got it wrong
you're just a rubbish teacher how dare
you you're so rude you've got attention
oh they just don't listen and con except
that they're wrong so it ends up being
your fault the next thing I hate about
teachers is another situation where they
can't admit that they're wrong and this
used happened to me all the time the
teacher always used to assume everything
that she couldn't see going on behind
her back was always me she's such a
bitch i hate this teacher Jake I heard
back how is that me I'm not even talking
no that was you know you proved that was
me talking stop upstream back now you
need to get your hearing checked your
bitch that's it oh don't worry my
teachers neverett used to hit me on
probably shouldn't upset that the final
thing I how about teachers is when you
need the toilet and they don't let you
go
each take what's important you have to
interrupt my little I got a toilet
please miss man you should have got a
break time what you mean I should have
gone a break time I didn't need the
toilet right time missing Jake you're
not going anywhere no Spanky no I'm not
gonna wait I'll piss on your floor if I
have to don't be so silly you can wait
till point I'm like my personal default
yeah guys that's the end of the video if
you're breathe of anything I said give
the video a thumbs up and comment the
things you used to hate about teachers
down below if you haven't already be
sure to subscribe and I'll get a new
video out soon thanks for watching and
bye